Back to the Basics movement focuses
on rebuilding a solid foundation in life.
Founded by George Bayze, it emphasizes
discipline, structure, gratitude,
and personal responsibility
in a fast-paced world.
The movement is built on three
core principles: guarded, grounded, and grateful.
Being guarded means protecting your values,
while being grounded emphasizes
living with discipline and clarity.
Gratefulness reminds us that strength
without humility is meaningless.
This movement aims to create men, families,
and leaders who are steady under pressure
and intentional in their actions.
Ultimately, Back to the Basics is a philosophy
designed to create lasting foundations
that endure beyond our time.